  Oh, boy! Whew! Philosophy?! Oh, man! I mean... Uh, yeah! Philosophy? It's like, totally real, you know? Like, it's this thing that's inside us all, and it's like, trying to figure out the meaning of life and stuff! 
But, uh, like... Only when we become aware of it as an absolute force that dwells within ourselves can we really understand and comprehend it everywhere else where it manifests itself! It's like, if we don't recognize the philosophy inside us, then we're not gonna be able to rule over all things human! 
And, uh... Philosophy has to become real within itself before it can rule over all things human! It's like, if philosophy doesn't become self-aware, then it's just gonna be this idealistic or dreamy thing that doesn't really exist! 
But, uh... Only when philosophy becomes a true philosopher in thought and deed will there be any reality to it! It's like, if philosophers don't start living their lives according to their beliefs, then they're just gonna be seen as idealists or dreamers, and nobody's gonna take them seriously! 
And... Philosophy must become consciousness of itself before it can be a reality within mankind! It's like, if philosophy doesn't realize that it has this power to rule over all things human, then it'll never be able to do so! 
But... Only when the philosophical spirit learns to understand everything that exists within itself can it know its own rulership over all spirits! It's like, if philosophy doesn't understand its own power, then it'll never be able to rule effectively! 
And... Philosophy must become consciousness for itself and of itself before it can realize this goal! It's like, if philosophy doesn't recognize its own consciousness, then it'll never be able to teach us anything valuable! 
But... Only when philosophy becomes a teacher will it be able to rule over all things human! It's like, if philosophy doesn't start teaching us stuff, then we'll never learn how to live our lives according to its teachings! 
Oh, man... I mean... Philosophy is a force of goodness, and only when it becomes self-consciousness within itself can it truly rule over all things human! It's like, if philosophy doesn't become self-aware, then it'll never be able to help us figure out the meaning of life and stuff! 
Whoa! That was a lotta philosophical mumbo-jumbo! I mean... Philosophy is like, totally real, man! We just gotta figure out how to make it realize its own power and stuff! And then we'll all be living our lives according to philosophy's teachings and stuff! 
Anyway... Gotta go! See ya, buddy! Oh, and don't forget to keep on philosophizin'! 